Syllabus_Korean
##
Course Overview

The purpose of this course is to provide you the basic, but essential knowledge of human behavior in organization. Organizations are everywhere. Regardless of the type of work, understanding how people think, feel, and interact with others is crucial for your career success and happiness. We will examine the issues of motivation, perception, group dynamics, leadership, diversity, and culture in organizations, not only from a theoretical, academic perspective, but also from a practical standpoint. Given the ubiquity of the issues, bringing your own experiences and insights into the classroom would be valued and appreciated. 

Learning Objective

1. Understand the main concepts of Organizational Behavior (OB), so you can understand and analyze how individuals, groups, and organizations work; 
2. Apply OB concepts and theories to real-world problems faced by managers;
3. Improve your management skills by analyzing business cases and by planning and executing projects;
4. Effectively manage interpersonal relationships and team works, and 
5. Effectively employ business writing and presentation skills.
##
Syllabus_English
##
Instructional Approaches

This course uses readings, lectures, class activities, cases, class discussion, and individual and team assignments. Reading assignments provide an important foundation for class discussion, and must be completed prior to each class session. Lectures will be used to highlight key points from the readings and provide additional information to supplement the readings. Class activities and cases will provide you with the opportunity to apply what you have learned to real world issues and problems. Since each of you brings unique perspectives and experiences to the class, participation in class discussions and class exercises is essential to your own learning as well as that of other class members. Lastly, individual and group assignments will provide you with opportunities to improve your writing and presentation skills as well as interpersonal skills.

* A final syllabus will be distributed on the first day of class.
##
