Syllabus_Korean
##
Management Science, also known as Operations Research or Decision Science 
involves a philosophy of problem solving in a logical manner. In a variety of 
organizations, Management Science uses a scientific and mathematical approach 
to solve many different types of problems. 
This course presents a practical approach based on a variety of examples to 
understand the principles of Management Science and to apply them to business 
decision problems. Developing models for business problems and solving them 
using Excel Solver, students will develop creativity for capturing the meaning 
of given examples or real business cases. For the purpose of enhancing 
creative leadership, students are also expected to exhibit their globality and 
integrity to perform their assignments and a project regarding the global 
business case studies through group activities. Focusing on Management Science 
modeling skills, this course will cover linear programming, simplex method, 
sensitivity analysis, transportation models, integer programming, network flow 
models, and others (if time permits).
This course aims to nurture students’creativity, integrity, and global 
perspective in students. Specifically, after completing this course, students 
will be able to: (1) Understand the importance of ethics and corporate social 
responsibility in business practices,(2) Understand the fundamental knowledge 
and analytical skills in various business disciplines, (3) Graduates will 
think creatively and innovatively. (4) Graduates will be effective 
communicators in a professional business context.
##
Syllabus_English
##
For the achievement of the school`s mission, this course are expected to 
contribute mainly to cultivate creativity and analytical mind; though others 
are encouraged through the process of the coursework. First, students in this 
course are expected to learn the fundamental concepts and problem solving 
techniques in Management Science. In particular, they will learn how to solve 
problems that occur in real business environment using quantitative models. 
Using quantitative models, students will understand the characteristics of 
problems and the situations the problems occur in. They are also expected to 
find and evaluate alternatives to the solve problems. Through the study of 
examples lectures suggest, students will develop creativity of how to express 
real business problems in quantitative models and how to handle the problems 
using IT tools such as Excel and Excel Solver.
The course will basically follow the textbook material and some separate 
materials will additionally be assigned to students for case study. Each 
lecture will proceed with and each student is expected to follows in 
individual 
study the steps: problem description, understanding the problem, model 
building, solving the problem, sensitivity analysis and result interpretation. 
Most important parts are model building and result interpretation. A key issue 
in model building is how to express a given problem with a quantitative 
modeling language. The other in interpretation is how to capture the meaning 
from the solution in the context a given problem occurs in. These two parts 
require students’creativity and it will be developed by the study of a 
variety 
of business examples.
The evaluation consists of the following: attendance (5%), quizes (5%), 
midterm 
exam (30%), final exam (45%), final project (15%)
##
