Syllabus_Korean
##
Architectural design studio 5 deals with the mid-rise office building with cultural program. Students are asked to start with understanding of 
specific site condition such as physical and historical conditions. With sustainable design the aim of the studio will be total understanding of 
building with material,structure and system. On final review students have to present their projects with models and drawing to show from site plan 
and massing and finally detail for the envelope design.

(SPC: Student Performance Criteria)

10. Site Planning
Analyze and evaluate the characteristics of the natural environment such as the humanities and social and climate of the land, and extract the design concepts such as layout and plan the land including the land creation and the external space planning.

11. Barrier Free Design
Ability of design a building to meet the various requirements of diverse building users including elderly, the infirm, and handicapped/disability.

12. Safety, Fire Protection and Emergency Egress
Ability to design a safe building based on the basic principles of building safety, fire protection and security and in consideration of safety of human life, evacuation, and/or emergency egress.

13. Integration of Building Systems in Design
Understanding of a building system and its constituent elements such as building structure, building envelop, composition of building mechanical and electrical service and other building components, and the ability to integrate them into his/her design.
##
Syllabus_English
##
This studio deals with the mid rise office building with cultural program. Students are asked to start with understanding of specific site condition 
such as physical and historical conditions. With sustainable design the aim of the studio will be total understanding of building with material,structure 
and system. On final review students have to present their projects with models and drawing to show from site plan and massing and finally detail for 
the envelope design.
##
