Syllabus_Korean
##
The course provides an investigation into the principal methods, tools and 
techniques used to develop building construction project estimates, with 
primary emphasis on estimate planning and organization, quantity takeoffs and 
pricing. It also includes a basic introduction to construction contracts, 
estimate types and factors associated with determining costs of constructing 
projects. A comprehensive group project will be required to develop the 
complete cost estimate for a hypothetical facility. In addition, this course 
introduces the general concept on life-cycle cost as well as life-cycle 
costing formula.
##
Syllabus_English
##
OBJECTIVES OF THE COURSE 
By the end of this course, the student will be able to: 
(i) Identify and distinguish the different types of building 
construction 
project estimates and the role they play in the facility development process.
(ii) Identify and use principal methods, tools, and techniques used to 
develop building construction project estimates. 
(iii) Demonstrate specific skills in the interpretation of construction 
plans and specifications, estimate planning and organization, quantity 
takeoffs and pricing, construction contracts, labor and equipment 
productivity, conceptual estimating, bidding strategies, and overhead costs. 
(iv) Design construction estimates for commercial building projects.
(v) Identify links with other courses in the construction-engineering 
curriculum that will provide a comprehensive view of the construction 
engineering profession.

The topics which will be covered in this course are as follows:
Role of estimating in construction, Estimating fundamentals, Blueprint 
reading, Equipment• use and productivity calculations, Labor and material 
costs, Sitework and excavation quantity takeoffs, Concrete construction, Steel 
construction and structural steel estimating, Estimating general condition, 
Calculating indirect costs, Subcontractor quote analysis, Advanced estimating 
methods, Computerized estimating, and Life cycle costing.
##
