Syllabus_Korean
##
Architectural design studio 5 deals with the mid-rise office building with cultural program. Students are asked to start with understanding of 
specific site condition such as physical and historical conditions. With sustainable design the aim of the studio will be total understanding of 
building with material,structure and system. On final review students have to present their projects with models and drawing to show from site plan 
and massing and finally detail for the envelope design.

(SPC: Student Performance Criteria)

10. Analysis and Programing
Ability to collect various information and precedents related to architectural design problem and to write a program based on the result of the analysis.

12. Site Preparation
Ability to formulate a design concept based on the understanding of the cultural and historical context of a site, systematically analyze and assess 
the acquired data and information acquired, and implement the findings into the design resolution.

13. Barrier Free Design
Ability of design a building to meet the various requirement of diverse building users including elderly, the infirm, and handicapped/disability.

14. Safety, Fire Protection and Emergency Egress
Ability to design a safe building based on the basic principles of building safety, fire protection and security and in consideration of safety of human 
life, evacuation, and/or emergency egress.

15. Integration of Building Systems in Design
Understanding of a building system and its constituent elements such as building structure, building envelop, composition of building mechanical and 
electrical service and other building components, and the ability to integrate them into his/her design.

17. Design of Architecture and City
Understanding of the basic principles of the housing design, urban planning, and urban design; and ability to critically assess city and urban planning and to utilize the outcomes in the design process.
##
Syllabus_English
##
This studio deals with the mid rise office building with cultural program. Students are asked to start with understanding of specific site condition 
such as physical and historical conditions. With sustainable design the aim of the studio will be total understanding of building with material,structure 
and system. On final review students have to present their projects with models and drawing to show from site plan and massing and finally detail for 
the envelope design.
##
