Syllabus_Korean
##
(for 2017 UIA Seoul International Studios)
Resilient Cities through Culture :
Climate change and knowledge-sharing have no country borders but environmental sustainable solutions have to be tailored to specific climates as well as cultures to succeed. Our objective is to look at how culture can enable and foster environmental sustainability and to craft innovative sustainable resilient city structures which grow out of social spaces in our cities. Our aim is to move the discussion forward from categorizing
and preserving tangible qualities towards establishing tools for how cultural heritage and natural characters can create value and become catalysts for environmental, social and economic changes. We will look at how cultural heritage (tangible or intangible), specific to a community and setting, can be a catalyst and foster sustainable change by for example looking at local and traditional building methods, management practices, social structures, awareness, consumption patterns etc.

(for general studios)
Architectural design studio 5 deals with the mid-rise office building with cultural program. Students are asked to start with understanding of 
specific site condition such as physical and historical conditions. With sustainable design the aim of the studio will be total understanding of 
building with material,structure and system. On final review students have to present their projects with models and drawing to show from site plan 
and massing and finally detail for the envelope design.
##
Syllabus_English
##
(for 2017 UIA SIS)

Our urban environment is in constant flux brought on by cultural and social, economic, and environmental challenges that are growing part of the 21st century.  Issues of adaptation and resiliency are increasingly more relevant as cities across the world are feeling the pressure of rapid urban development.  Even the city of Seoul is facing challenging aspects of contemporary urbanization:  ranging from flooding and extreme weather events to economic stress and strains on infrastructure, new town development uprooting the local culture, displaced community due to gentrification, and loss of cultural identity due to modernization, and more.  

During this spring semester, the five architecture studios from Dankook University, Hanyang University ERICA, Hongik University, University of Seoul, and Yonsei University will explore the different urban cultures of four characteristically distinct sites within Seoul and propose how to create a sustainable network of communities and recover its identity. City resilience is about ensuring a long-term, robust and holistic approach to urban development and architecture, which can respond more effectively to disruptions and improve quality of life for everyone, now and future. 


(for general studios)

This studio deals with the mid rise office building with cultural program. Students are asked to start with understanding of specific site condition 
such as physical and historical conditions. With sustainable design the aim of the studio will be total understanding of building with material,structure 
and system. On final review students have to present their projects with models and drawing to show from site plan and massing and finally detail for 
the envelope design.
##
