Syllabus_Korean
##
The objective of this course is to provide you with a basic understanding of accounting in which concepts related to the financing, investing, and operating activities of an organization. It introduces students to the basic principles, procedures and approaches underlying the accounting process. The topics covered will support students to acquire the ability to understand corporate economic activities by preparing and reading financial statements.
##
Syllabus_English
##
Note:
1. There will be no make-up exams. If you do not take quiz or exam for any reason, you will receive a zero point. Make sure that you are able to take both quizzes and tests (see the course schedule).
2. Those who cheat on quizzes and tests will receive F. In addition, I will report them to the disciplinary committee for further actions.
3. You have the right to re-examine your scores on quiz and exams. However, once you ask me to re?examine the question of your interest, I will also re-examine all other questions in the quiz/exam.
4. You can use 1 page A4 size hand-written note (single?sided) for your exam. A photo-copy of other student`s note is not allowed. You have to bring a calculator with no graphic function. You must not use your cell?phone as your calculator. Any communication devices (including cell-phones) must be turned off during quiz/exams.
5. If you miss more than 4 classes, you will get a F grade regardless of performance in the class
6. Total 4 homework assignments are provided during the semester and includes questions and/or problems in your textbook. You are expected to prepare homework as assigned and submit it when/if requested. Every homework should be hand-written. Any photocopies or submission by email are NOT acceptable. Due dates will be announced in the class. You should submit every homework at the beginning of the class. It will be graded based on the effort, not for correctness. Late homework will not be accepted.  
7. I highly recommend you to attend class. Please be on time and remain throughout the class. 
8. Taking pictures during the class is prohibited. Display courteous behavior to your classmates.
9. The course schedule is flexible. Any changes to the course schedule will be announced in class.
##
