Syllabus_Korean
##
Students should learn fundamental financial accounting concepts, terminology,and techniques so that they can comprehend typical corporate financial statements provided in annual reports and apply their accounting knowledge to business decision-making. By the end of this course the student should be able to:(1) read, interpret, and discuss financial information in corporate annual reports(2) describe the purpose of each major financial statement and explain how the statements articulate(3) identify major elements of basic financial statements and explain accounting principles and concepts related to each major element(4) identify economic transactions underlying financial statement amounts(5) explain the accounting cycle, analyze and record (account for) different types of economic transactions, and prepare financial statements(6) define or describe key accounting terms(7) discuss fundamental concepts of financial accounting, especially accrual accounting, relevance, and reliability(8) describe the role of financial accounting, identify different uses and users of financial information, and discuss how accounting impacts various groups in society(9) identify some of the limitations of financial accounting(10) identify ways in which accounting affects business decisions(11) apply time value of money concepts in business contexts.

The instructor reserves the right to make any changes in the course, assignments, schedules, etc. as he determines necessary. Any changes in due dates or course content will be announced during class. It is your responsibility to keep up with the changes by attending classes on time.
##
Syllabus_English
##
Students should learn fundamental financial accounting concepts, terminology, and techniques so that they can comprehend typical corporate financial statements provided in annual reports and apply their accounting knowledge to business decision-making. By the end of this course the student should be able to:

(1) read, interpret, and discuss financial information in corporate annual reports

(2) describe the purpose of each major financial statement and explain how the statements articulate

(3) identify major elements of basic financial statements and explain accounting principles and concepts related to each major element

(4) identify economic transactions underlying financial statement amounts

(5) explain the accounting cycle, analyze and record (account for) different types of economic transactions, and prepare financial statements

(6) define or describe key accounting terms

(7) discuss fundamental concepts of financial accounting, especially accrual accounting, relevance, and reliability

(8) describe the role of financial accounting, identify different uses and users of financial information, and discuss how accounting impacts various groups in society

(9) identify some of the limitations of financial accounting

(10) identify ways in which accounting affects business decisions

(11) apply time value of money concepts in business contexts.

The instructor reserves the right to make any changes in the course, assignments, schedules, etc. as he determines necessary. Any changes in due dates or course content will be announced during class. It is your responsibility to keep up with the changes by attending classes on time.
##
