Syllabus_Korean
##
1. Understand the nature of strategic competitiveness and competitive advantage. Develop the ability to analyze the competitive environment facing a firm, assess the attractiveness of the industry and isolate potential sources of competitive advantage and disadvantage.
2. Integrate knowledge and apply analytical techniques from various disciplines or functional areas. Including accounting, economics, finance, marketing, operations, organization theory, and organizational behavior. Our goal is to identify and analyze strategic issues and develop solutions in the form of action plans designed to build and sustain competitive advantage. 
3. Discriminate among the types of data that general managers need to evaluate alternative scenarios. Develop logical, coherent and persuasive analyses for a desired course of action. Develop effective processes to implement plans within the constraints imposed by the complex behavior of individuals within organizations. Effectively communicate ideas in both oral and written form. 
4. Develop the ability to view the corporation as a whole while integrating individual business unit goals and objectives.
##
Syllabus_English
##
STRATEGIC MANAGEMENT

Undergraduate
Yonsei University
Fall 2017

Professor:   Ho-uk Lee 
Office:   Business Building 649 
Office Phone:   2123-5478
E-mail:   houklee@yonsei.ac.kr
Class hours:  5:00PM - 7:00PM (Monday)
6:00PM - 7:00PM (Wednesday)

Introductory Comments

This course is designated as an “English” lecture course. All lectures, discussions, and presentations will be conducted in English. 

Course Overview

This course is about understanding why some firms outperform others especially in light of the global environment. We will examine how to formulate and implement effective organizational strategies that incorporate analytical, behavioral and creative aspects of business simultaneously. Recognizing that most real business problems are inherently multi-functional in nature, we strive to integrate learning from your prior studies of functional areas, while adding new approaches that explicitly deal with business-wide strategic and competitive issues. Our viewpoint will be that of the general manager who has responsibility for the long-term health of the entire organization.

Note. A real business environment does not generally pose clear questions or answers. Managers rarely know whether they have made the “right” strategic decisions. Strategy cases simulate this ambiguity. As such, there are no correct solutions to the cases that you will undertake to analyze and I will offer none, although I may provide my opinion about your logic. Therefore, the most important aspect of this course is the quality of your questions and answers, and the quality of your thought processes. Also, your ability to communicate your logic and respond to questions about your analyses and recommendations is important.
##
