Syllabus_Korean
##
This course is designed to explore two critical business topics: (1) the 
design and development of new products and innovations, and (2) the management 
of new and existing products.  First, topics in new product development 
include idea generation and screening, design, planning, and prototyping, and 
new product roll-out, as well as the development of marketing strategies and 
implementation plans for new products and services.  Second, we consider the 
job of the “typical” product manager in marketing consumer and business-to-
business goods/services, focusing on the critical analyses they perform.     
In this project-based course, students will collect information for a new 
product idea and push the product design and development process to result in 
a product concept (i.e., prototype) presentation. Students will then develop a 
marketing plan for this new product concept.  Throughout the course, the 
importance of creativity, innovation and entrepreneurship will be emphasized 
as the sources of initiating and managing new products and innovation.
The goals for this course are as follows:
• Develop an in-depth understanding of product development and 
management.
• Understand and utilize a process-oriented framework for new product 
development.
• Develop analytical skills needed to analyze market information and 
information concerning customer wants and needs in product development and 
management. 
• Develop and enhance business communication skills through 
preparation 
and presentation of a new product concept (i.e., prototype) and its marketing 
plan to the class.
##
Syllabus_English
##
(The updated version will be provided on the first day of class)
The course will include a mixture of learning activities—class discussions, 
lectures, group projects, group presentation and critique of an assigned 
article, individual assignments/projects, viewing of videotapes, exploration 
of online resources, presentations of class topics by students, and so on.   I 
want you to learn not only through class materials but also through active 
participation in class discussion and group projects/presentations. YOU MUST 
COME TO CLASS PREPARED FOR DISCUSSIONS.
##
