Syllabus_Korean
##
Have you ever been confused about all those strategic buzzwords you hear?  Value Curves, Blue Oceans, Niche Strategy, Diversification, Platform Business, Value Chain, VRI resources, Core Competences, Synergies, Strategic Agility, Ambidexterity….  (Are you already confused?)

Most people, students and executives, are not very clear on what these terms mean.  Moreover, most people have only a very basic understanding of business strategy. In this course, I will explain all of these complex concepts in simple straight forward language.  This means, that for anybody interested in business, this is a great opportunity to learn about business strategy, and how you can apply these frameworks and tools.   

This course will;
1) Bring you up to date with the most well known Strategy Frameworks and tools
2) Includes a ‘Leadership’ perspective, and is an absolute must to translate from theory to practice. This includes taking part in an award winning leadership simulation.
3) Be valuable as an addition on your CV. Many employers value the ability of the employees to think strategically.
4) You will be obtain a level of understanding on Strategic Management that is equal or better than most business professionals. 

We will make good use of case discussions. In many of the classes we will spend a time discussing the assigned case. This is a very interactive process: We seek to get multiple viewpoints and perspectives on the table, which should be defended through rigorous reasoning. I will also spend a fair amount of each class presenting conceptual tools and frameworks that are useful in analysing strategic issues found in the cases and in real business settings. The objective is to help you analyse competitive situations, selecting and then effectively using the appropriate tools. Ultimately, we expect to convey sensible intuition and underlying guiding concepts to help you continuing learning once having left the classroom.
##
Syllabus_English
##
syllabus information ia included in the above sections
##
