Syllabus_Korean
##
By the end of the semester, students will be able to:
? Develop an understanding of the interactions and interdependencies between humans and the designed environment.
? Understand that design provides a communication through forms in which cultural meaning are made manifest.
? Understand that, in addition to the creation of innovative objects and places, design thinking can be applied to the development of new processes, services, interactions, and collaborations.
? Recognize the interdisciplinary practice of various design professions and the value of design thinking as a means of innovative problem solving between function and aesthetics.
? Achieve a lifetime awareness of the ethical, social, universal, and responsibilities in the practice of design.
##
Syllabus_English
##
This course is an introduction to the theories and methods that underpin design thinking and practice. It is divided into three segments: The design process, visual analysis, and the socio-cultural implication of design. Students investigate the interactions between humans and their natural, social, and designed environments where purposeful design helps determine the quality of those interactions.
Students will learn how design outcomes, whether successes or failures, shape and are shaped by socio/cultural and historical factors. Students of design thinking will learn to critically assess the processes, outcomes and effects of design engagement. During the curse, students will have opportunities to test and explore the concepts of design thinking through small-group, hands-on participation in design projects, specifically created reinforce course content.
? Engage in detailed analysis of and critical thinking about current design product design across many design disciplines.
? Engage the “big ideas” that are shaping design thinking today through critical assessment and hands-on discovery.
? Develop understanding of the ways in which design solutions are reflective of socio/culture values.
##
