Syllabus_Korean
##
The ultimate paradox of thought, writes Kierkegaard’s pseudonymous speaker Johannes Climacus, is “to want to discover something that thought itself cannot think.” Thought thus calls upon language’s generative power to create a referent in its absence. 

Arguably since the days of Plato and Aristotle, literature and philosophy have been in dialogue and quarrel with each other. The pat division of disciplines in our era suggests that philosophy aspires to closure, to coherent systems and solutions, while literature seeks to disrupt and to keep intractable elements alive. Yet the boundaries of knowing and creating are rather fungible, constantly up for negotiation and conceived through the individuating mark of style.

For the writers featured in the course, the enterprise of philosophy is a deeply personal one, mediated through the jagged edges of the life lived, failed, and rediscovered in reflection. It requires the invention of genres such as the essay and the autobiography. It trades in the problems (and plays) of authorial voice, narrative representation, and readership. We will read philosophy as a form of literature, testing our interpretation or even aesthetic appreciation with and against the moral and ethical quandaries at stake.
##
Syllabus_English
##
We will read works by Montaigne, Rousseau, Kierkegaard, Nietzsche, Wittgenstein, and Barthes. 
Texts (the editions are suggested, not required; and since these are all out of copyright, you can find other -- free -- versions online, e.g. through the database LION/Literature Online):
1) Michel de Montaigne, Essays (Stanford, trans. Frame); 
2) Jean Jacques Rousseau, Reveries of the Solitary Walker (Penguin); 
3) Soren Kierkegaard, Fear and Trembling (Princeton, trans. Hong) and 4) Philosophical Fragments (Princeton, trans. Hong);
5) Friedrich Nietzsche, On the Genealogy of Morals and Ecce Homo (Vintage, trans. Kaufmann); 
6) Ludwig Wittgenstein, Philosophical Fragments (Blackwell, trans. Anscombe); 
7) Roland Barthes, Camera Lucida (Hill and Wang, trans. Howard). 
All other materials available as course reader or PDF on YSCEC.
##
