Syllabus_Korean
##
This class is an upper-level undergraduate course designed to review current discussions and evidence about the psychological significance of media. This course encompasses analyses of the psychological impact of media content and presentation. Students gain an understanding of how individuals process media contents as well as how the media affects individuals’ knowledge, attitudes, and behaviors. 
A variety of topics such as the psychological processing of media, media violence, sexual content, stereotyping, media effects on collective opinion, and the effects of new communication technologies will be covered.
##
Syllabus_English
##
Exams: There will be two exams. Midterm exam will be worth 350 points. Final exam will be worth 350 points. The exams may include multiple choice, true/false, and/or short/long essay questions. You will not be able to makeup an examination if it is not taken at the designated date/time.

Research paper: Students will submit a 7-8 page research paper (total of 200 points) at the end of the semester. This assignment includes research question(s), outline, final paper, and presentation. Students will choose their topic of interest. Details will be provided in class. 

Attendacne & participation: A specific assignment will be given for some sessions (total of 100 points). In the case of a verifiable and legitimate absence, students can make up a missed assignment. Students will need to contact the instructor via e-mail within one week of returning from the absence if they wish to makeup the assignment.

Class Management:
1) Students are expected to read the assigned materials before class, participate in class/group discussions, complete all assignments, and write clearly on all assignments.
2) When you are absent for any reason, it is your responsibility to catch up with the material you missed by obtaining notes, etc. from other students. 
3) There will be no makeup for missed examinations. You will get zero points for a grade.
4) Any type of cellular phone and mobile device use during class is prohibited.
##
