Syllabus_Korean
##
This is a course in academic writing designed to aid you in the development of 
your writing skills.  Emphasis will be placed on paragraph organization, 
development, coherence, unity of focus, and consideration of audience and 
purpose.  Opportunities will be provided to explore a variety of composition 
styles and modes.  Sentence construction, grammar, and phrasing will are also 
included. We will learn to think about the important concepts of audience, 
purpose and genre with regard to writing as well as how to “wallow in 
complexity” as an intellectual state of being.  We will learn the difference 
between open and closed form prose and why the latter is employed in an 
academic setting.  In addition, we will also learn about exploratory 
strategies to develop ideas for writing and learn how to recognize the angle 
of vision in a text.  We will learn how to analyze literary texts for 
interpretive purposes, how to work with and integrate sources appropriately in 
order to avoid plagiarism, how to introduce and gloss quotations, how to 
paraphrase and summarize sources, and finally how to document them.  
Furthermore, we will learn how to write essay examinations under pressure and 
practice this skill for midterm and final examinations.  Such a skill is 
particularly necessary for those students who plan to study abroad in their 
academic careers or who plan to attend graduate school.
##
Syllabus_English
##
See http://williamashline.tripod.com for the full syllabus and policies.

Submissions:  This course requires that you use Libre Office in order to carry 
out all assignments. Submissions by MS Word or Hangul word processing will not be 
accepted. All submissions are due on the date assigned.  However, students may 
take a 24-hour grace period to complete a submission after the date assigned 
as needed.  In that case, the paper must be submitted to my mailbox in the Wesolgwan building no later than 24 hours after the 
announced due date.  Any submissions made after that 24-hour grace period will 
be docked one letter grade.  Papers 
submitted one week or more after the assigned due date will not be accepted.  
Exceptions can be made in the case of documented proof of illnesses, injuries, 
emergencies or field trip activities.  Those are the only instances of 
accepted cases and they must be supported with proof.  Submissions that are 
not workshopped by another member of our class will not be accepted.  
Submissions that were not workshopped during our regular class hours will be 
docked by one number grade as well.  All submissions must conform to the 
submission guidelines required for the class.  Submissions that do not conform 
to the submission guidelines will be noted with an “SG” and returned 
unmarked.  Students have 24 hours after receiving the paper to make 
corrections and reprint the paper to submit again.
##
