Syllabus_Korean
##
DISCLAIMER: This is a TEMTATIVE online syllabus subject to change prior to the 
beginning of the course. A more detailed syllabus will be provided on the 
first day of class.
This course is designed to build upon the rhetorical thinking and critical 
reading/writing skills that you developed in Writing I. Rhetoric is the study 
of how langauge persuades people. In this course, you will continue building 
your rhetorical skills by identifying and analyzing strategies writers use to 
persuade readers. You will then learn to use those persuasive strategies in 
your own writing. Emphasis will be placed on essay organization & development, 
rhetorical strategies used in argument & persuasion, as well as consideration 
of audience and purpose. We will begin with an intensive focus on 
understanding the structure of arguments. What makes a writer persuasive? How 
do writers use language or rhetorical contexts to enhance an argument? You 
will practice academic writing with emphasis on argument, research, and style. 
Assignments, discussions, and writing exercises will be conducted both in-
class and online (YSCEC). You are expected to actively participate in both 
formats. In addition to regular in- and out-of-class reading and writing 
assignments, you will be required to write at least two major essays, one of 
which will be a collaborative argumentative research paper.
By the end of Writing II, students should demonstrate the ability to produce 
writing that:
- demonstrates the ability to use the close reading method with various 
texts to show cogent analysis and interpretation
- identifies a research question, develops a research strategy, identifies 
and evaluates sources, and uses research sources to discover and focus a thesis
- integrates sources with each other and with one`s own analysis
- demonstrates a strong understanding of the purposes and conventions of MLA 
documentation
##
Syllabus_English
##
This is a TENTATIVE online syllabus subject to change prior to the beginning 
of the course.
##
