Syllabus_Korean
##
DISCLAIMER: This is a TENTATIVE online syllabus subject to change prior to the beginning of the course. A more detailed syllabus will be provided on the first day of class.

This course, the first in a series of two, is designed to help you develop the skills necessary to join the academic discourse in your discipline. By engaging with and responding to various texts, you will learn how to evaluate what other have to say, how to acknowledge contributions made by others and how to advance the discussion by adding something new. Through reading, writing, discussion, and collaboration, you will practice the essentials of writing for a specific audience and purpose with an emphasis on critical thinking.   Emphasis will be placed on format, organization, development, coherence, unity of focus, and consideration of audience and purpose. Assignments, discussions, and writing exercises will be conducted in class and/or online (YSCEC). Students are expected to actively participate in both formats. You will be required to write 3 major papers: a stand-alone summary, an ideas critique, and an analysis/synthesis essay.

By the end of this course, you will learn how to: 
1. summarize the argument and exposition of a text accurately
2. demonstrate thoughtful interaction with the work of others through analysis and logical use of evidence
3. integrate sources with each other and with one’s own analysis
4. produce thesis-directed writing that develops major points in a logical and convincing manner, in a process that involves reading, writing, and revising through which students discover ideas and develop those ideas into coherent sentences, paragraphs, and essays
5. demonstrate the ability to critique your own work and the work of your peers
6. demonstrate knowledge of genre conventions in terms of organization, formatting, paragraphing, and tone
7. demonstrate understanding of the purposes and conventions of MLA documentation
##
Syllabus_English
##
This is a very TENTATIVE online syllabus subject to change prior to the beginning of the course. A more detailed syllabus will be provided on the first day of class.
##
