Syllabus_Korean
##
“Introduction to Climate Change Science” will touch all basic issues related to forcings that continuously shaping up the climate of Earth. We will explore multiple aspects of our planet climate including biosphere, atmosphere, and hydrosphere and go through evidences of human induced climate change as observed & reported by the scientists. We will get primary knowledge about the scientific processes used to collect the evidences and predict future changes in existing climate. How different components of climate are responding to the changes that have already occurred. What are the potential mitigation method for short and long term? We will look into political side of climate change issue, what is the future fossil fuel? How much CO2 is too much? What are the challenges of Paris agreement in economic driven world? Is problem of global warming an opportunity in disguise to change our ways of life? What are the potential alternative energy sources and their limitations? What we can do as an individual? 
By active participating in this course, students will not only get familiar with most of the concepts related with climate change but it will help them to engage in debates with confidence. 
Objective:
? Get familiar with different components of Earth’s climate system. 
? Identify the primary drivers of change in climate system & differentiate human induced processes. 
? Articulate narratives about the impacts of climate change on public health, biodiversity, water availability. 
? Understand how climate change will shape human culture and survival.
? Assess proposals and arguments for future options recommended in Paris agreement to mitigate risks of climate change.
##
Syllabus_English
##
Syllabus
Module 1: Overview & introduction to the course
Module 2: Earth’s Climate system
Module 3: Causes of climate change
Module 4 Global carbon cycle & Biogeochemistry of N2O
Module 6: Climate modeling & future projection 
Mid exam
Module 7: Impacts of climate change I (Ecosystems, human)
Module 8: Impacts of climate change II (Fresh water, ocean level etc)
Module 9: Impacts of climate change III (Artic)
Module 10: Mitigate, Adapt, or Suffer? 
Module 11: International treaties, policies & responses (The inconvenient truth)
Module 12: Overview of potential alternative energy sources & their limitations
Module 13: Individual choices

Final exam
##
