Syllabus_Korean
##
글로벌 인재가 알아야 할 세계 경제 및 경영 교양
Understand the changing nature of global economy and global business managment
      
 글로벌 산업 연관 정치 경제, 문화와 윤리,무역과 투자 기초 지식
Understand global industry relating to political economy, culture and internation trade

 최근 글로벌 산업  및 무역 환경 이슈 
Understand recent global industry and international trade issues 

 다양한  현대 경제 경영 용어 및 상식 폭 넓히기
Increase basic knowledge on the international economy and business management world.

 산업 현장에서 발생한  국가 및 글로벌 기업의 다양한 사례 및  교양 이론
Various case studies in the global companies such as Apple, Goole, Samsung etc. together with basic economy and management theory.

향후 경영, 경제 및 국제 통상 관련 전공 및 업무를 위한 기초 교양 지식 습득.
Basic study for the students who is going to major in business management, economy or international trade.
##
Syllabus_English
##
This course involves lectures,case studies, discussions and various material reference.
Free question and answer will be motivated. The main chapters are as follows.

ch1. What is meant by the term globalization?
     Recognize the main drivers of globalization
    case study " who makes apple I-phone
    the debate over the impact of globalization

 Ch2.  National difference in political,economic,and legal Systems
   Understand how political,economic systems of country differ
   Explain aboout market economy
   Case study: Vietnam economy change 

Ch3. National difference in economic development
    Explain what determines the level of economic development of a nation 
    Transition moving toward market- based system
    Case study :  property rights in China / Change in India

ch4.   Differences in culture
     Understand the meaning of cross culture literacy 
     Identify the business and  economic implications of difference in culture
     case study : Walmart failure in German Market / Success story  Costco in Korea
    

 ch5.Ethics, corporate social responsibility 
     Understand the ethical issues faced by international business
     Understand why mangers are doing unethical behaviors.
      Human rights and various ethical theories


ch6.  International trade theory
       Understand why nations trade with each other
       Summarize the different international theories
       Recent international trade issues 


ch7   Government Policy and international trade
       why governments sometimes intervene international trade(US & China)
       world trade  institution : GATT AND WTO
       Wheat production in Japan

Ch8  Foreign Direct Investment
       Recognize the current trends regarding foreign direct investment
       Retail industry in India
       Foreign direct investment in China
##
