Syllabus_Korean
##
The subject’s primary objective is to equip the student with the basic skills 
required for successful oral and written communication within an English 
speaking business environment. It is designed to develop skills that will 
enable students to become more competitive in the marketplace. By improving 
your business communication skills and capabilities, students will be better 
positioned to be chosen for employment positions, and once hired, to be able 
to deliver more value to their organizations, resulting in increased 
responsibilities and career advancement.
Teaching will be accomplished through class lectures and discussions, combined.

This class is designated as a Social Innovation Certificate (SIC) course. The course contents and practices will be related to social innovation and social problem solving. 
Also, Institute of Higher Education Innovation (IHEI) may collect and accumulate student assignments and course contents for further purpose. For more details regarding the SIC, please visit the IHEI`s website, http://ihei.yonsei.ac.kr.
본 과목은 고등교육혁신원 사회혁신가 인증 교과목에 해당하며, 수업과정 중 사회혁신 및 사회문제 해결과 관련한 내용의 강의 및 실습이 함께 포함됩니다. 아울러, 수업 내 학생 제출 결과물 중 일부는 고등교육혁신원에서 추후 사회혁신활동 결과물로 활용될 수 있습니다. 자세한 내용은 고등교육혁신원 홈페이지(ihei.yonsei.ac.kr)를 참조해주시기 바랍니다.
##
Syllabus_English
##
GENERAL INFORMATION
1. Plagiarism/Cheating
Plagiarism or forgery of any kind will result in a range of penalties. Any 
student suspected or known to have turned in work that was not his/her own 
(except for documented references used at appropriate times) will meet with 
the professor.  If cheating has occurred, the student will be penalized based 
on the details of the incident.  Penalties will range from a zero for the 
assignment (equal to one or more letter grades for the semester) to an “F” 
for the semester.
2. Copyright Law
Yonsei University complies with applicable copyright laws.  No copyrighted 
material may be duplicated for any purpose not expressly allowed by those laws 
unless written permission has been given by the copyright holder and submitted 
to the course instructor.
3. Written Work
All written work turned in for class credit must be typed in Times New Roman 
(Font 12) with margins of 1” all around. Papers must follow grammatical 
form.  Mistakes in grammar, spelling or typing will result in point reduction 
proportional to the number of mistakes made.  Please staple your work.  Do not 
use folded-and-torn corners to attach pages together.  Also, turn in your work 
with name, title, professor’s name, and date in MLA format.

This class is designated as a Social Innovation Certificate (SIC) course. The course contents and practices address social innovation and social problem solving. Also, Institute of Higher Education Innovation (IHEI) may collect and accumulate student assignments and course contents for other uses. For more details regarding the SIC, please visit the IHEI`s website, http://ihei.yonsei.ac.kr.
##
