Syllabus_Korean
##
Course Objective:
To provide an appreciation and understanding of typography, which can be a 
tool, reaching a level of detailed professional technique, artistic uniqueness 
and expressing integral aspects of design.

Course Description:
Typography is a technique used to handle typefaces in a functional and 
aesthetic method. The use of typography in design is wider and much more 
diversified than we knew. Its application in information design is extremely 
important and cannot be overemphasized. With this subject, students will learn 
exact technical terms and theories of typography, which has been used in the 
west since the 15th century. However, students must be aware that this subject 
is a studio class (practical subject). Therefore the core objective of this 
class is the project work undertaken by the students in class and outside of 
the course.
Students will explore typography through an assignment, learning the features 
and capability of typography. For information designers, typography is similar 
as to running is for football players. 
The basic capabilities of typography will provide a foundation for you as an 
information designer. Appreciating different works and learning the 
significance of the typography continuously, through a certain assignment 
undertaken by yourself is the golden road to beefing up your skills in 
typography. All theories of typography come from the alphabet in the west, but 
it is also important to learn the features of Hangul (Korean) typography. 
Hangul has now become an international letterform. Being familiar with the 
Hangul typography along with the Korean language will be a great benefit to 
you 
all.
##
Syllabus_English
##
Lecture:
The lecture will be focused on the theoretical and technical terms of 
typography. 
There will be further explanation about the 12 most commonly used English 
typefaces. The textbook for the lecture is "The Vignelli Canon" by Massimo 
Vignelli, a famous communication designer. We will also learn more about 
different typographical works by modern graphic designers. 
 

Assignment:
The assignment is the most important part of the class. Through assignments 
and 
critiques, students will gain the capability of designing with typography. 
There are a total of 5 assignments.

1) self-Portrait: Drawing for warming-up
2) Name and Logo Design
3) Statinery Design: Card , Letterhead, envelop
4) Stamp Art: Art Poster
5) Poster Design: Poster Series with Grid
##
