Syllabus_Korean
##
‘Visual Systems’ is one of many effective design methodologies employed in 
communication design. In the past, design was seen akin to art, an outcome of 
emotion and intuition of designers. However, in the information age, design is 
often the result of objective and logical thinking and process rather than 
subjective intuition. Of course, the final result of most design is usually a 
combination of logic and intuition of designer. ‘Visual Systems’ has two 
definitions. The first, ‘ A System as a Whole’ is a method of looking at the 
organic relationships between the whole and its parts. Which is the belief that 
only by looking at the whole through systematic thinking can the relationships 
be analyzed in a rational way. The second meaning is ‘A Generating System.’ 
This is taking a holistic view of the parts to see how they create cohesion, 
thinking about how they combine and proposing one’s own visual system methods. 
In short, that is creating an encompassing method (kit, guidelines, manual). 
Therefore, ‘Visual Systems’ can be defined as ‘A System as a Whole is 
Generated by a Generating System’. In this course students will undertake two 
main projects (Calendar Design and Brand Identity Design) to understand and 
apply concept of visual system to all projects which you will take in 
profession.

On this course students will develop design thinking and methods in an 
objective, logical and economical manner. ‘Visual Systems’ takes ‘Maximum 
Diversity from Minimum Inventory’ and ‘The Maximum of Conformity to a Rule 
with the Maximum of Freedom’ as its mottos in the pursuit of effective design. 
The objective of this course is for students to develop and apply their own 
design processes in the most logical and rational ways.
##
Syllabus_English
##
Assignment:

1) Calendar Design by visual system: A full calendar (13 pages including the 
cover) design project is ideal to comprehend visual system. Students must 
design 13 pages (including cover) of visual system graphics. 
SIZE: 30 x 30 cm

2) Brand Identity Design by visual system: Students can either choose an 
existing brand or create an imaginary brand. For this project students must 
design a basic and application manual using the visual system methodology for 
the brand.
##
