Syllabus_Korean
##
Technology and Design can and have been considered separate fields. Interaction between the two has occurred only when the production process required their collaboration. That is the past. Today the lines between technology and design are fading to where they are codependent on each other if not actually the same. Integrating Technology and Design covers the wide range of possibilities when technology and design are considered as equal parts of a greater whole. In this class we can regard a working technology and a finished design as incomplete without it’s counterpart.

In this class, students are positioned to design a solution as well as implement the technology supporting the design. The final projects will be working prototypes that illustrate the integration, and necessary fusion of Technology and Design. Projects can use software or hardware based technologies as well as screen based 2D, 3D, or industrial designs in nature.

It is not necessary for the technology to be build from the ground up. The students will be introduced to resources for using open-source software and hardware as well as physical designs for their prototypes. 

Integrating Technology and Design presents an opportunity to benefit from the collaboration between technology and design, understand why this is already happening in the larger tech companies as well as startups, and produce a working prototype that takes advantage of this union.
##
Syllabus_English
##
Class one
Introduction to Class
Conversation: Cooking with technology and design

Class two
What are our tools?
Conversation: What is the right tool for the job?

Class Three
Finding an application for the convergence of Technology and Design
Conversation: Good Design - Good Technology, Good Design - Bad Technology, Bad Design - Good Technology, Bad Design - Bad Technology

Class four
Balance between Technology and Design
Conversation: Too much design too much technology OR not enough

Class five
Making the decisions that put a project in motion
Conversation: What is a good decision?

Class six
Planing
Conversation: Time planning is never time wasted

Class seven
Communicating project concepts
Conversation: Presenting project concepts vs talking about one`s ideas

Class eight
Midterm presentation

Class nine
Assembling the components
Action: Solving the technology/design puzzle 

Class ten
Test the project 1
Action: Try to break the project before someone else does

Class eleven
Refine, Repair, Rebuild
Action: Eliminate points of failure

Class twelve
Test the project 2
Action: Test the changes

Class thirteen
Simplify the design and technology
Action: Find and eliminate unnecessary features

Class fourteen
Endurance run
Action: Run the project for 24 hrs

Class fifteen
Presenting a live demo
Action: Practice, Practice, Practice

Class sixteen
Final proposal and Project presentation
##
