Syllabus_Korean
##
The course is designed to broaden students’ perspective towards law so that the students can understand law’s functioning in various social contexts and to encourage students to develop their ideas about controversial issues in law and society. This course encompasses theories and theoretical perspectives on law and society with extensive examples. Also, it focuses more on the constitutional law dimension when approaching the legal system and structure. This course, therefore, aims to give overall knowledge and information about Korean government and constitutional law. Modern Constitution and Administrative laws, including a wide variety of relative laws, rules, or orders, and principles, provide a broad contour for the nation that the rule of law and the democracy manifested in our society. 
In the rest of the term, specific topics will be discussed ? law and the economy, dispute resolution, the legal profession and legal education, and the judiciary in perspective of legal reform. In the last two weeks of the term, students will present their research.
##
Syllabus_English
##
September 5/ September 12
▶ Introduction and overview
- Introduction to the nature of the course, the way teaching and discussion will be conducted, themes to be covered, and the reading materials

▶ In which legal traditions do you live in? What are the characteristics of your legal tradition?


September 19 (September 26 no Class)
▶ What if a piece of legislation in force does not conform with justice? Can we call it law? What is justice?

October 10 (October 3 no Class)
▶ Change and evolution of law: Law as system and law as process

October 17
▶ No class, no exam


October 24 
▶ Is law an instrument of repression? Is law constituted by power? What is the nature of that power? Should law be undone if liberation should be achieved?

October 31
▶ How do legal rules shape economic action? How crucial is the rule of law to economic development?

November 7
▶ How do people resolve their disputes? Is the court the best place to resolve disputes? What alternatives are there?

November 14
▶ What are the functions of the legal profession? Why do lawyers need license? What are the characteristics and problems of the current legal education system?

November 21
▶ Democracy, the rule of law, and the judicialization of politics

November 28
▶ Research presentations by students

December 5
▶ Research presentations by students
##
