Syllabus_Korean
##
The purpose of this course is to introduce students to the academic understanding of civil society and non-governmental activism today. A special attention is given to the civil society development in Korea. The course is designed to address the needs and interests of students who intend to engage in diverse discussions and debates concerning the development of civil society and democracy.

The course both exposes and challenges students to investigate the complexities of civil society formation and its relationship to democratization. Active discussions are conducted on their reading and exposure. Particular civil society formations in Korea is examined through a categorization of legitimate, controlled, and repressed civil societies, differing by their relationship to the state.

The class is conducted in a participatory mode and differing views are encouraged. Critical thinking developed in this course will be useful both to the practitioners and more scholarly oriented students.

A list of topics will be given from which each student will write to submit an essay paper by the end of the semester. Essay papers will be assessed and marked according to the demonstrated competence of the subject, proper composition, reading, and critical analysis. Guidelines and advice for writing essay paper and in-class presentation will be provided. Each week, lecture outline will be handed out in class. Further reading materials other than in the following list, will be put into the Lecturer’s Reading Pack and made available for students.
##
Syllabus_English
##
Weekly plan

W. 1:  Introduction: Understanding NGOs and Civil Society
W. 2:  Vocabulary of Civil Society and NGOs
W. 3:  Legitimacy and Power of NGOs 
W. 4:  NGOs in Korea I
W. 5:  NGOs in Korea II
W. 6:         Activism Beyond Borders: transnational connections today
W. 7:  Case Studies ? Human rights and democracy
W. 8:         Case Studies ? Peace and Gender
W. 9:         Field Visit
W. 10 : Discussion with an activist-scholar: invited lecturer
W. 11:  Civil Societies in Asia
W. 12: Case Studies, Asia
W. 13: Globalizing Civil Society?
W. 14:        Essay Submission
(subject to change according to the discussion of the first week)
##
