Syllabus_Korean
##
This course is a survey of modern Korean history through close readings of selected major literary works. Rather than offering a mere narrative of the peninsula’s history, it focuses on particular episodes, events, influences, and historical ruptures that have shaped the way Korean writers have interpreted and understood their past.  We will look at the use of a form of writing (“the novel”) as a historical source. We will examine the development of the long story form and the formalistic aspects of narrative as well as its cultural impact.  Major themes include the country’s opening to the West, its colonial experience and subsequent fratricidal war, and the divergent post-colonial paths of the two separate Koreas. Throughout, we will address the tensions of Korean nationalism, authoritarianism, and industrialization in conjunction with the politics of gender and class.
##
Syllabus_English
##
CLASS SCHEDULE

Date Hours Topic
제1주   3 Wed: Introduction to course 
Cumings, Korea’s Place (hereafter, KP), Introduction + Chapter 1
제2주  3 Japanese Colonialism 
Wed. Discussion: Fulton. Modern Korean Fiction, A Lucky Day, Potatoes, The Shaman Painting, Wings, When the Buckwheat Blooms, My Innocent Uncle
Cumings, KP (Chapter 2)
제3주  3 Japanese Colonialism.  
삼대 (Three Generations) 
Cumings, KP (Chapters 2/3)
제4주  3 Japanese Colonialism
삼대 (Three Generations) 
Cumings, KP (Chapters 2/3)
제5주  3 Japanese Colonialism.  
Kang. 인간 문제 (Wonso Pond)
Cumings, KP (Chapters 3/4)
제6주  3 Japanese Colonialism
Kang. 인간 문제 (Wonso Pond)
Cumings, KP (Chapters 4/5)
제7주   3 Total War / Civil War
Fulton. Modern Korean Fiction, The Ritual at the Well, Coarse Sand, Far From Home
Cumings, KP (Chapter 5)
제8주  3 MIDTERM EXAM
제9주   3 Civil War/Postwar
Fulton. Land of Exile, The Wife and Children, The Post Horse Curse, Mountains, Kapitan Ri, Seoul: 1964, Winter
Cumings, KP (Chapters 5/6)
제10주  3 Post War / U.S.-ROK 
Ahn. Silver Stallion
Cumings, KP (Chapter 6)
제11주  3 Post War / Rapid Industrialization 
Ahn. Silver Stallion
Fulton. Land of Exile, The Boozer, A Dream of Good Fortune, Winter Outing, The Man who was left as Nine Pairs of Shoes
Cumings, KP (Chapters 6/7)
제12주  3 Rapid Industrialization
Fulton. Modern Korean Fiction, Another Man’s Room, Knifeblade, Ballard, Footprints in the Snow, The Old Hatter,
Mother’s Hitching Post, Wayfarer
Cumings, KP (Chapters 7)
제13주  3 DPRK
Wed. Discussion: The Son + Comic Book (The Great General Mighty Wing) 
Cumings, KP (Chapter 8)
제14주  3 Women/Gender Relations
Modern Korean Fiction, pp. “Scarlet Fingernails,” “The Last of Hanak’o,” “Conviction,” “From Powder to Powder”
제15주  3 Contemporary South Korean Society
Lee Ki-ho, At Least We Can Apologize
제16주  3 
SELF-STUDY PERIOD
##
