Syllabus_Korean
##
This course provides an introduction to the basic principles of public 
international law as related to global governance. It will focus on how our 
world`s infrastructure is being shaped through law and governance. We will 
analyze the interface of international law and governance through the prism of 
such issues as piracy, North Korea, global warming, development, the plight of 
dictators, the Iraq and Afghanistan War, cyberlaw, torture, human rights, 
genocide, dispute settlemen, the United Nations, the World Bank and non-
governmental organizations. Many of these issues will be explored through case 
studies of developing areas of international law.
##
Syllabus_English
##
International Law and Governance Syllabus
Prof. Joongi Kim 김준기 
Tel: x 4181
Office: Gwangbok Hall 301 / Underwood Hall 105
Email: kimjg@yonsei.ac.kr         
Webpage: yscec.yonsei.ac.kr
Class Hours: Mon 7,8; Wed 7

Course Description:

   This course provides an introduction to the basic principles of public 
international law as related to global governance. It will focus on how our 
world’s infrastructure is being shaped through law and governance. We will 
analyze the interface of international law and governance through the prism of 
such issues as piracy, North Korea, global warming, development, the plight of 
former dictators,  the Iraq and Afghanistan War, cyberlaw, torture, human 
rights, genocide, the United Nations, the World Bank and non-governmental 
organizations. Many of these issues will be explored through case studies of 
developing areas of international law.

   Grading will be based on a midterm examination (10%), a final examination 
(50%), class participation (30%), presentations (5%) and attendance (5%). 
Latenesses will be regarded as absences. Active class participation is 
strongly encouraged. Furthermore, for each class, several pre-designated 
individuals will be required to provide an outline of the relative subject 
matter and lead class discussion.


Textbook, Class Material and References:

  Valerie Epps, International Law for Undergraduates (Carolina Academic Press, 
2013, 5th ed.)(purchase immediately at Amazon, YES24, etc. or contact R.A. Miryung Yang at 
miryung.yang@gmail.com on how to purchase)

  Selected articles and case study materials on current legal issues (most 
will be available on the webpage)
##
