Syllabus_Korean
##
MAT3109 is the first course in a two semester sequence for the junior/senior 
level undergraduate modern algebra. Modern algebra course covers all the 
topics such as groups, rings, modules, and fields in algebra commonly used by 
analysts, combinatorists, computer scientists, geometers, logicians, number 
theorists, or topologists. It has come to occupy a remarkably central role in 
modern mathematics, but rather in a different way. Modern algebra opens the 
door to higher mathematics, science, and technology. This course emphasizes 
skills, theory, and applications. 
★The major goals of MAT3109 (Modern Algebra 1) are:
?To understand Group Fundamentals, Ring Fundamentals, and Field Fundamentals; 
?To develop a systematic knowledge of the elements of modern algebra described in detail in the weekly syllabus, and the ability to apply the concepts covered in classes; 
?To improve the ability to read and internalize mathematical concepts and to improve your ability to communicate mathematical ideas; 
?To provide the background information necessary for the student to plan a Master in Mathematics and Mathematics Education, or a closely related field;
?To impart the concepts and techniques of modern algebra with a high level of rigor and develop the ability to apply mathematical methodologies to various branches of mathematics and to solving real world problems; 
?To see how all these play a key role in many practical applications in today`s technological society. 
?To broaden students’ horizons by learning connections of one subject to other areas of modern algebra and mathematics and by mentioning results at the forefront of research.
##
Syllabus_English
##
MAT3109 (Modern Algebra 1) is the branch of mathematics that deals with 
objects and the operations that transform them and imbue them with meaning. It 
aims to find general underlying principles common to the familiar and less 
familiar operations (addition, multiplication, etc.) on the familiar objects 
of algebra such as integers, polynomials, matrices, permutations, and much 
more. We then abstract the data we glean from these objects and operations. 
This course covers topics such as groups, rings, fields and Galois theory, 
vector spaces and modules, as well as applications of these. Modern Algebra 
gives students a multi-perspective on the subject. This includes, 
understanding abstract theories, doing computations both algebraic and 
numerical, and finally seeing some applications of algebra in other branches 
of mathematics and in the real-world.  


★The learning objective of the course MAT3109 (Modern Algebra 1) is: 
?To classify algebraic structures in groups, rings, integral domains, modules, 
and fields, etc.;  
?To understand the elements of modern and abstract algebra with an emphasis on 
concepts, methods of proof, and the communication of mathematical ideas; 
?To know and be able to use the basic definitions and the fundamental 
principles including the laws and theorems arising from the concepts covered 
in this course; 
?To demonstrate ability to think critically by recognizing patterns and 
principles of Modern Algebra and relating them to problems in this or other 
mathematical disciplines;
?To give the student a solid grounding in modern algebra which is used in 
analysis, combinatorics, computer science, geometry, logics, number theory, 
topology, statistics, and many fronts; 
?To provide the strong foundations for more in-depth explorations.
##
