Syllabus_Korean
##
This course studies a general introduction to enumerative 
combinatorics. Combinatorics is one of important branches of 
modern mathematics and we will browse systematic development of 
mathematical tools for enumeration. Topics like basic counting 
rules, permutations, partitions, graphs, and formal power series.
The ideas and techniques of bijective combinatorics give a lot of 
applications not only to pure mathematics but also to other 
sciences. Besides, they give us to expand our ability of logical 
ways of thinking and creativity.
##
Syllabus_English
##
Course Organization: There are three lectures per week and a 
Teaching Assistant class. This course is a bit fast-paced, so try 
not to lag behind.

Course Objectives: We will expand our ability of logical way of 
thinking and creativity while studying various topics in 
enumerative combinatorics. 

Homeworks : Homeworks will be assigned almost daily and collected 
at the due date. Late homeworks will not be accepted. 

Quizzes : Expect that your Teaching Assistant will give you a quiz 
in her class everytime! 

Grading : There will be two midterms and the final, all in class.
Grading : There will be two midterms and the final, all in class.
1st midterm : 100 points(Chapers 1 - 3), Oct 8(Thu) 7:00-9:00pm
2nd midterm : 100 points(Chapers 4 - 6), Nov 12(Thr) 7:00-9:00pm
Final : 150 points(Chapters 1-8), Dec 10(Thr) 6:00-9:00pm
Quizzes and Homeworks : 100 points
(Extra credit if there is: about 50 points)

Academic honesty : I take this very seriously. Cheating on any 
academic activities like homeworks and exams will result to earn 
you nothing and an F for the class. You should know that there are 
official university rules for cheaters. I will abide by the rules, 
if my TA or someone found offenders.

Class Discipline: First of all, we all should speak English! 
That`s the rule for this class. Other rules are just common sense. 
You should :
1) do not miss a class,  2) turn off all electronic devices, and 
3) do not talk with others during class.
##
