Syllabus_Korean
##
Recognizing and evaluating orthopedic injuries commonly sustained in the 
athletic environment. Additional topics include the pathology and body’s 
pathological response to injury.
Upon completion the students will be able to:
1.Describe common etiological factors contributing to injury including 
congenital and/or acquired structural and functional abnormalities, inherent 
anatomical and biomechanical characteristics and common injury mechanisms of 
each major body part.
2.Describe and differentiate typical signs and symptoms associated with 
injuries including those associated with local tissue inflammation of each 
major body part.
3.Classify common injuries to each major body part.
4.Demonstrate the knowledge of differences between on-field, sideline, and 
clinical evaluations.
5.Develop proper documentation and record keeping procedures for evaluation 
and referral.
6.Comprehend and interpret current literature in the field of athletic injury 
assessment.
Students taking this course should prepare for al the readings and articles on 
the related topic prior to class.
##
Syllabus_English
##
Catalog Description:  Recognizing and evaluating orthopedic injuries commonly 
sustained in the athletic environment. Additional topics include the pathology 
and body’s pathological response to injury.
Student Learning Objectives: Upon completion the students will be able to:
Describe common etiological factors contributing to injury including 
congenital and/or acquired structural and functional abnormalities, inherent 
anatomical and biomechanical characteristics and common injury mechanisms of 
each major body part.
Describe and differentiate typical signs and symptoms associated with 
injuries including those associated with local tissue inflammation of each 
major body part.
Classify common injuries to each major body part.
Demonstrate the knowledge of differences between on-field, sideline, 
and clinical evaluations.
Develop proper documentation and record keeping procedures for 
evaluation and referral.
Comprehend and interpret current literature in the field of athletic 
injury assessment.
Student Learning Objectives: Upon completion the student will be able to:
1.Perform standard athletic training evaluation techniques and 
procedures.
2.Apply appropriate evaluation techniques and procedures to evaluate 
injuries and illnesses that commonly occur in physical activity.
3.Develop professional behaviors and attitudes appropriate in the 
athletic training setting.
Expectations of Students:
Appropriate lab attire i.e. shorts, tank-tops, halter-tops, etc.
Allocate and present to class a case history from your clinical 
setting.
Practice skills diligently outside classroom.
Contribute to a learning environment with questions, answers, and 
constructive criticism of other students
##
