Syllabus_Korean
##
At the end of this course students Should express and report orally basic needs, basic courtesies, feelings, emotions, doubts and opinions on topics related to daily activities and basic aspects of the Spanish-speaking.
##
Syllabus_English
##
Beginner Spanish conversation is an introduction to Spanish  for the student who has had a very basic instruction in Spanish grammar.

This course is designed for people with no prior knowledge of conversational Spanish. In this class you will learn to SPEAK the language.

The main focus is oral communication. To understand and be understood when you SPEAK the language.

Oral communication is the most important and useful part of a language. In this course you will develop your ability to communicate satisfactorily in 

Spanish in everyday practical situations while acquiring some of the skills  necessary for effective reading and writing in Spanish.  

The course focuses on  the introduction and development of the four language skills necessary for interpersonal communication in Spanish:  listening, writing, reading, and speaking.


The course focuses on the introduction and development of the four language skills necessary for interpersonal communication in Spanish:  listening, 

writing, reading, and speaking.







Introduction: Basic vocabulary and expressions







Unidad 1: Viaje al Español 





La llegada 







Self introduction







Nationalities







Adjectives







Unidad 2: Estancia en Madrid 







Uses of the verbs in Spanish 











Unidad 3: En el Hotel 







Uses of the interrogative form







Elaboration of questions and answers







Unidad 4:Viaje a Toledo 







Unidad 5: Camino a Sevilla 











Unidad 6: Las ferias de Abril 



Unidad 7: Luis llama por telefono

The final grade will include: 


Written exam                                     20 % 

Oral exam                                           40 %

Assistance                                           15 %

Participation and assigments               25 %
##
