Syllabus_Korean
##
Overview

 
This course will introduce you to some of the questions that philosophers ponder, and invite you to ponder them yourself. The course covers a range of philosophical areas to entice you into thinking philosophically no matter where your interests lie, and also so as to encourage you to discover interconnections between these areas. We’ll discuss core questions in philosophy of science, philosophy of religion, and metaphysics (which is the study of the nature of reality). 

There are two broad aims to the course. One is that you gain some fluency in philosophical thinking, writing, and reading techniques. The other is that you become familiar with some of the major philosophical positions that have been put forward on these issues and some of the arguments in support of each.
##
Syllabus_English
##
Each week except the first you’ll be required to come to class having read excerpts of philosophical text(s) on that week’s topic. (NB: this means you have to read these before class. Reading philosophy is hard work (but rewarding).) These readings will be handed out in class/posted online.

You’re also required to complete 5 mini-essays (me’s) over the course of the semester. These are typed responses to questions I’ll announce in class/post online. They should be proofread, thoughtfully written, between 250 and 300 words, and handed in no later than the beginning of class on the day they’re due; no emailed or late me’s will be accepted. It’s up to you which 5 to complete (and there will be no extra credit for doing more). Make two copies and bring them both to class so that you can keep one and hand one in. 

Class participation and attendance together count for 20% of your grade. Philosophical skill is best acquired by doing philosophy, not by passively learning about it. ‘I’m confused about …’, ‘what is meant by…?’ and ‘I disagree with you about…’ are all perfectly acceptable contributions. 

There will be a mid-term paper (aim for 2500-3000 words) and a final exam consisting of several short essays. The writing standards applicable to both the paper and the exam essays can be found here:
http://www.jimpryor.net/teaching/guidelines/writing.html

You have to hand in all assignments and take the exam. Failure to do so will result in 0% for the course. Missing a class without documented excuse will reduce your participation and attendance grade by 3% each time. Following Yonsei-wide regulations, missing more than 1/3 of all classes will result in 0% for the course.

Plagiarism is representing another person’s work as one’s own. Outside works must be clearly cited or placed in quotes. Any cheating will be handled according to the university’s policy on academic dishonesty.
##
