Syllabus_Korean
##
Course Description: 
FWIS prepares students to do successful written work in both advanced English courses and in English-medium content courses. Students who complete FWIS will become familiar with the writing process and qualities of an effective paragraph, and will be introduced to the basics of essay writing and use of outside sources in research writing. The course focuses on academic rather than technical or professional writing, with improved accuracy, clarity, and knowledge of basic rhetorical patterns applicable towards students’ future professional settings as well.

Course Objectives:
This course aims to develop students’ writing skills, with a focus on academic English.  A variety of in-class activities and major assignments will help students better understand the writing process and will challenge them to improve their clarity and accuracy in writing.  Students in the course are also expected to master several basic paragraph structures and standard academic essay format, and to learn to present their ideas logically and with effective support, including information from outside sources.
##
Syllabus_English
##
Classroom Policies:

English Only
From the beginning of class to the end, you will be required to speak only in English. All students must agree to respect the rules. If some students ignore the rules, it will damage the experience for other students. Students should enforce this policy themselves. Students who speak in Korean (or any language other than English) will lose participation points. For the first week of class, I will quietly remind you to speak English. After week 1, I will quietly subtract participation points.

Late Assignments
Assignments must be complete by the due date. Late assignments will be penalized by deducting 10% for each day that it is late starting from the day it was due. Being absent does not excuse you from completing class assignments. If you will be absent, you should ideally inform me before the class you will miss, and you must submit your assignments by the normal deadline. Midterms and finals missed due to an absence cannot be re-taken at a later time. 

Plagiarism
Plagiarism-copying someone else’s work and claiming it as your own-will not be tolerated. Any student who plagiarizes the work of another, in whole or part, will receive a zero (0) on the assignment.

Cell Phones
Use of cell phones in the class is prohibited unless otherwise stated by the instructor. Cell phones should be muted and put away in your bag for the duration of the class. Students caught using their cell phones during class will lose participation points. You will not be allowed to use the English dictionaries in your phones (unless otherwise stated by your instructor). Rather, you will be encouraged to think of a suitable word on your own. You will also be encouraged to ask a classmate (in English).
##
