Syllabus_Korean
##
The primary goal of this class is to assist students to become better writers, providing them with foundational skills for writing in college. Once students complete this course, they should have a stronger sense of their unique voice, a greater command of language, and the basic skills to write successfully at the collegiate level. Students will (1) learn how to read more actively and effectively, when approaching a text, (2) learn how to translate active reading into critical thinking, and (3) work on mastering the modes of expression through extensive practice of the fundamentals of college writing in English.  
This course will take seriously the notion of “the contemporary” as that which coexists with us and is relevant to our times?or our spaces. It will provide a look into the variegated landscape of twenty-first century English and American literature. 
It emphasizes how current political and social issues such as racial justice and technological advancements in fields like genetic engineering influence literary production in English. The works on the syllabus have been published in the past ten years. We will start with Mohsin Hamid’s The Reluctant Fundamentalist (2007), which is called a 9/11 novel by reviewers, and look at how the “War on Terror” is represented in the text. Then we will finish the course with Kazuo Ishiguro’s Never Let Me Go (2005), which uses the genre of science fiction to imagine the influence of developments in cloning on human life. These works enable us to reengage with our present with a sense of wonder and critical sophistication that contemporary fiction is adept at providing. The aim of the course is to provoke interest in and further queries on the relations between politics and culture.
##
Syllabus_English
##
Freshmen Writing Intensive Seminar

Instructor: Jina Moon (jina-moon@utulsa.edu)
Office Hour: W 1-2pm. and by appointment

Course Description: 
The primary goal of this class is to assist students to become better writers, providing them with foundational skills for writing in college. Once students complete this course, they should have a stronger sense of their unique voice, a greater command of language, and the basic skills to write successfully at the collegiate level. Students will (1) learn how to read more actively and effectively, when approaching a text, (2) learn how to translate active reading into critical thinking, and (3) work on mastering the modes of expression through extensive practice of the fundamentals of college writing in English.  

Texts: 
Hamid, Mohsin. The Reluctant Fundamentalist (2007) Harvest Books.
Ishiguro, Kazuo. Never Let Me Go (2005) Vintage Books.

Grade:
Participation (attendance and in-class discussion): 10%
Presentation: 5% 
Midterm Paper: 25%
Final Paper: 30%
Short writing assignments: 30 % (A summary of an article and a short paper per week)
##
