Syllabus_Korean
##
The Golden Ages of American Television

This course traces the history of American television from the first so-called "golden age" 
to the current one, from the black-and-white live broadcasts of the 1950s to the multi-platform 
“content” of today.  Focusing on drama (but with a sprinkling of comedy as well), we will examine how 
this new medium was able to captivate newly prosperous American audiences in the Fifties; how it was shaped 
by enterprising actor-producers like Lucille Ball and Mary Tyler Moore; how it developed under socially conscious 
auteurs like the writer-producer Norman Lear; and how all of this paved the way for recent groundbreaking series 
like The Sopranos, Mad Men, and House of Cards. 

We will view and discuss episodes of various series with a view to understanding their impact 
while we also examine filmmaking styles, techniques, and themes.  We will also discuss the broader 
social context as we consider how these shows reflect a rapidly changing American society marked 
by the forces of technology, globalization, and shifting demographics. And, as reflected 
through the flickering images on the small screen, we will consider the changing roles of women, 
the “rural purge,” the roots of “must-see TV,” the rise of auteur television, the advent of cable and 
HBO’s famous declaration: “It’s not TV. It’s HBO,” and how all of this contributes to the current 
media landscape.  

As we explore the “golden ages of American television,” we will tackle many larger questions: 
Is television worthy of serious watching, or are we just "amusing ourselves to death?"  
What can these shows tell us about American society over the past 60 years? What do they have to say 
about what it means to be human anywhere, anytime?  Can they help us understand the present situation 
and even project the future?  And, for those with creative ambitions, what can we learn from the creative artists 
who contributed to making American television what it is today?
##
Syllabus_English
##
*** PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS SYLLABUS IS TENTATIVE. 
A FINAL SYLLABUS WILL BE HANDED OUT IN CLASS THE FIRST WEEK OF MARCH. ***
##
