Syllabus_Korean
##
The Golden Age of the Hollywood Studio Film

In this course, we will examine the films made under the Hollywood studio 
system from the 1930s to the 1950s, a period marked by extremely rigid studio 
control that, perhaps paradoxically, yielded some of the most celebrated, and 
even innovative, works in American film history.  We will shine a light on 
stars like Clark Gable, John Wayne, and Marilyn Monroe.  We will consider 
the roles of studio bosses, producers, writers, cinematographers, and other 
key creative talent.  And we will investigate how directors like John Ford, 
Alfred Hitchcock, and Orson Welles were able to negotiate the studio system 
while attempting to make films that reflected a singular vision.  

We will discuss the films of this period with a view to understanding what the 
French critic Andr? Bazin called“the genius of the system,” a system that 
cemented a filmmaking tradition now inextricably linked with Hollywood, one 
based on linear, character-driven narratives; the cultivation of stars; and 
genres like the western, the musical, and the film noir.  As we do so, we will 
reflect on genre filmmaking, the star system, auteur theory, and spectatorship 
while we examine film styles, filmmaking techniques, and themes.  We will also 
discuss the broader social context as we consider how these films reflect an 
American society marked by the Great Depression, World War II, the Cold War, 
as well as the ever-present forces of technology, globalization, and shifting 
demographics.  

As we explore the so-called “Golden Age" of Hollywood, we will tackle many 
larger questions: What made these films so successful, and are they relevant 
today?  What do these films say about the U.S. and its relationship to the 
rest of the world?  And, for those with creative ambitions, what can we learn 
from the approaches of filmmakers who worked under the constraints of the 
studio system?
##
Syllabus_English
##
*** PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS SYLLABUS IS TENTATIVE. THERE MAY BE UPDATES DURING 
THE REGISTRATION PERIOD. A FINAL SYLLABUS WILL BE HANDED OUT IN CLASS THE 
FIRST WEEK OF MARCH. ***
##
