Syllabus_Korean
##
College English II is an integrated, two-credit course designed to develop 
academic reading and writing skills for students at the intermediate level. 
Students will be exposed to a wide range of academic texts that are well-
written and thought provoking. To promote the understanding of the texts, the 
students will enhance their reading skills. In addition, students will learn 
and practice how to write clear, concise, well-organized English compositions 
utilizing the writing process. Students will also study the basic writing 
principles, various rhetorical modes and effective writing skills utilizing 
proper style, formality, vocabulary, and grammar.
This course will enable students to become familiar with both the reading and 
writing processes. Students will practice comprehending the text using various 
reading skills in order to analyze and evaluate the text. By understanding the 
structure of a paragraph, essay and rhetorical modes, students will be able to 
apply their critical reading skills in organizing their ideas into coherent 
and cohesive writing. Through these practices, students will become both 
active readers and effective writers.
##
Syllabus_English
##
Students are expected to attend every class. Each absence will result in a 
2% deduction of the final percentage. Eight or more absences will result in 
an automatic failure of the course.  Every tardy will result in a deduction of 
1% from the final course grade.  You are tardy if you come to class after 
class begins. I will determine an acceptable excused absence but not without 
documentation. In case of an illness, I must be contacted by email. If you do 
not email me BEFORE class, your absences will be unexcused. If you are sick 
and you notify me, your assignments are due in the next class.  
There is absolutely NO KOREAN in my class. I will allow the occasion one word 
slips, however, if there is translation or a dialogue then there will be a 5% 
deduction off of a quiz. 
All assignments should be submitted on time in class.  10% will be deducted 
from any late assignments.  Anything turned in after class is late.  Late 
assignments will be accepted for only one day; anything turned in, thereafter, 
will not be accepted. No textbook assignments are accepted late. 
Cheating on any assignment, quiz, project or exam will result in an F. All 
students are responsible for their own work; therefore, having your work 
completed by another student or plagiarizing will be an automatic zero.
##
