Syllabus_Korean
##
In this class, we will work on improving our general English communication abilities.  Students will get extensive practice in small group communication and presentations.  In addition, it is also hoped that students will gain a deeper understanding of western culture and become more comfortable interacting in English. As the course focuses on all 4 skills, there will be opportunities for students to read articles and provide their opinions and ideas in both written and verbal forms.
##
Syllabus_English
##
College English I: Listening and Speaking       

*  Listening Assessment:  This score will be determined based on students` performance on their listening exam to be conducted during mid-term exam week.

*  Oral Assessment:  This score will reflect students` performance in both small group discussions and presentations.  Small group discussions will occur regularly throughout the semester.  Each student will also be required to give various presentations during the semester.

? Homework/Quizzes: Students will be required to do written assignments in the form of journal writings and article summaries.

*  Project:  Students will be required to listen to various segments of podcasts and write half page summaries of the content.
 
*  Class Participation:  This score will reflect the amount of effort you show in class during  discussions and other activities.  To receive a high class participation score you must do your best on all in-class assignments, projects, and discussions.  When doing pair or group activities, you must work together with your partners to complete the assignment. Asking or answering questions in class will also improve your class participation score.
   You will lose participation points if you appear to be not paying attention to the lecture, not working on the activity or assignment being conducted in class, doing homework for another class, talking with another student while the teacher is talking, or any other activities not directly related to the class.

Final Grades:  Students’ final semester grades will be determined using the relative grading system. The percentages given below reflect the minimum scores needed to earn the equivalent grade.  However, in a very competitive class, the actual percentages may be higher.
##
