Syllabus_Korean
##
COURSE DESCRIPTION:
College English II is an integrated, two-credit course designed to develop 
academic reading and writing skills for students at the intermediate level. 
Students will be exposed to a wide range of academic texts that are well-
written and thought provoking. To promote the understanding of the texts, the 
students will enhance their reading skills. In addition, students will learn 
and practice how to write clear, concise, well-organized English compositions 
utilizing the writing process. Students will also study the basic writing 
principles, various rhetorical modes and effective writing skills utilizing 
proper style, formality, vocabulary, and grammar.
COURSE GOALS:
This course will enable students to become familiar with both the reading and 
writing processes. Students will practice comprehending the text using various 
reading skills in order to analyze and evaluate the text. By understanding the 
structure of a paragraph, essay and rhetorical modes, students will be able to 
apply their critical reading skills in organizing their ideas into coherent 
and cohesive writing. Through these practices, students will become both 
active readers and effective writers.
##
Syllabus_English
##
COURSE GOALS & DESCRIPTION
This course will focus on the students’ culture, interests, and writing needs 
to prepare them for future study in their majors or abroad in America.  
Reading, grammar, and vocabulary will be practiced and learned.  The students 
will follow a communicative process approach to writing, and work in small 
groups on writing assignments and activities.  Importantly, this course will 
help you develop academic writing skills.
COURSE OBJECTIVE  By the end of the course, the student will able to:
a) Write paragraphs with a topic sentence, unity, coherence, adequate 
development, and concluding sentence.
b) Write a minimum of two writing styles: description, process, 
definition, illustration, narration, etc.
c) Identify and learn specific grammar points, sentence construction, 
and punctuation.
d) Edit, rewrite, and give peer feedback in writing groups.
e) Write for a specific purpose and audience. 
REQUIRED TEXT & COURSE MATERIALS
1) Buy book 
2) Bring a current photo of yourself to class.
REQUIREMENTS BY THE STUDENT
1) Attendance: Lateness will result in minus points.  Three lates are 
equal to one absence.  Ten or more absence will result in failure of this 
course.  
2) Class Participation: You are expected to “actively participate” 
during class activities.  This involves preparing and completing assignments 
on time so that you can contribute to class discussions, group, and pair 
work.  
3) Class Assignments: You must complete all assignments on time.  Late 
assignments will result in minus points.  All out-of-class papers and essay 
assignments must be typed.  Ask for help for any problems with assignments.
##
