Syllabus_Korean
##
The course has two main objectives : Introducing students to the fundamental 
problems and solution concepts of noncooperative game theory (with strategic 
insights) including auctions, e.g., lottery; and Advancing Einsteinian Pacifism 
to solve the complex issues surrounding the situation in North Korea today.

  The first part of the course will combine game theory with applications to 
finance/financial engineering.
Understanding a beautiful theory, without the ability to apply it, is 
essentially useless. 

 The part will start with the “logico-strategic way of thinking”, e.g., 
brinkmanship in missile or nuclear weapon crisis, as developed in game theory 
over the past seventy years. “The wise win before they fight, while the 
ignorant fight to win.” So said Zhuge Liang, the great Chinese military 
strategist. In a similar vein, Arthur Schopenhauer wrote in Parerga und 
Paralipomena I 53 “Life is one long battle; we have to fight at every step; 
and Voltaire very rightly says that if we succeed, it is at the point of the 
sword, and that we die with the weapon in our hand.”
 
 The part concludes with a statement on the Limits of Strategic Rationality. 
“Logic will get you from A to B. But imagination will take you everywhere.” 
so said Albert Einstein, strongly influenced by Arthur Schopenhauer since his 
university days at ETH Zurich.

 The second part of the course will take an entirely new Einsteinian approach 
to solving North Korea nuclear issue, different from the usual geopolitical or 
familiar diplomatic approaches.
What is Einstein-Kim Project and why Einstein now?
A humanist like Einstein would do something for North Korea. What would he do? 
What could he do? If Einstein were reincarnated as a leader of North Korea 
(however unlikely it may seem) to implement his political social ideas, can we 
not then expect revolutionary innovations in North Korea?
##
Syllabus_English
##
PART I OVERVIEW
PART II  GAME OF STRATEGY
PART III THINKING ABOUT LOGICO-STRATEGIC THINKING
PART IV AUCTIONS; Lottery

Week 8. Mid-term

PART V What is Einstein Project and why Einstein now?
PART VI Fundraising strategy

Week 16. Final
##
